cluster  0 :

I ordered from Ramados through Just Eat. When my order was half an hour late, I called the restaurant to ask about it. The woman who answered the phone was incredibly dismissive. I was actually taken aback at how rude she was. When I asked her if she knew how much longer it would be she said she had no way of knowing and hung up on me. I finally got my food and in fact, the chicken is good but my salad arrived soggy. I'm just shocked at how outrageously bad their customer service is.

cluster  1 :

My wife and I ate at Delmonico the night of July 4th. I had the bone-in ribeye and my wife had the filet. My wife's filet was tasty and what one would expect from a restaurant of this caliber. Unfortunately, my ribeye was tough and full of fat. I would say about half of it was edible. With al of the choices to enjoy a quality steak in Vegas, ignore the hype and go somewhere else.

cluster  2 :

Never have I been more disappointed in this place. If there was an option for zero stars, I would have selected it because this place is a waste of time. I believe they should teach these owners some customer service because clearly they lack that.

I have been a customer here for awhile and ordered plenty of times, in fact they even mentioned how much they remembered me. Well, you would think from people who remember your face, they would have a little bit of courtesy, no? Not these guys.

For one, I hate the hours. This place still refuses to put up a sign of their hours. Why? Not? I swear they are always changing them! They are never open, how on earth can this little shack run without hours? Is there something going on under the table?

I came later in the afternoon which it should have been open by now. Lights were on, TV was on and yet the door was locked. So I decided to give em a call, after no answer I decided to walk off when the chef opens the door and lets me in. I walk in and he tries to give me a menu when I simply tell him my order because it's always the same order. He mentions something I never heard of before, another combo or option. I said, "No, the usual. What I always have. The pieces" He nods in agreement and goes off to cook. I wait about 10-15 min or so and finally the order is done and I see all these containers. I was confused and asked what is that? He starts talking about salads and soups and shows me something I didn't even order!

I kindly explain that this order is incorrect and that this is not what I normally eat here. He claims he remembers me in which I reply, "Is that so? Than you would know that I only ever order the same thing every time. This is not what I asked for." He threw a fit of sighs making a big deal out of it and than suddenly the other owner comes along. The lady and starts just yelling at me like crazy. Not only was I startled by how she approached me so threateningly but yelling at me claiming the chef is right? How would she know? The door was shut and she wasn't even present when I know very well what order I made. It is not my fault he wasn't listening.

She continued to yell at me in which I was upset and fed up of hearing her and cut her off completely. The chef would not budge and so I had to pay for something I obviously didn't like nor wanted to eat. He claimed he made a big discount for me. From 12 dollars to 11. WOW. BIG DISCOUNT. How about making it free because YOU messed up. Or even better, make me what I actually asked for!?

These people need to learn proper customer service. No matter what business you are in, the customer is always right and you as a good business owner have to fix the problem in order to keep your customers. Apparently these guys didn't take enough classes.

Well you lost a very loyal customer because as soon as I stepped out that door I knew I was never coming back. Not spending a single penny in that worthless joint.

You said your miso soup was the best? I fed it to my flowers. It had no taste what so ever. Also, what the heck was that salad all about? The salad was ROTTEN. The leaves looked absolutely  expired. I lost my appetite and threw everything in the garbage.

I wouldn't recommend this place guys, the food just doesn't cut it.

cluster  3 :

Nouveau petit resto-taverne pour Fleury! Superbe décor simple et relax, sombre.. Taverne. Les gigantesques fenètres donnant sur Fleury équilibre bien le tout.

Les plats sont décris comme une histoire alléchante détailler à la perfection. Les services est éfficace et sympatique. Parcontre.. La majorité des plats n'était plus disponible a notre arriver, dommage c'était les choix les plus interessant. À noter qu'ils viennent d'ouvrir.. Peux être qu'il teste ce qui fonctionne ou pas et commande en petite quantité?

Mes amis on eu de la difficulté coté vin, leur palette n'est définitivement pas compatible avec celui qui selectionne le vin a l'Alexia. Elles on le même problème au restaurant bar Les incorruptible. C'est le même proprio..!

Mon plat était correct, rien de très spécial mais bon pour de l'agneau a 18$. Tout le monde après leur plats on commander une entrée parce qu'on avait encore faim! Les entrées? Désastre.. Trio de tomates? Euh.. Une tomate tranché, des tomates confites en canne et de la purée de tomates? Le hummus? Hyper liquide, trop d'huile et gout tellement fumé qu'on ne goute plus aucunement les pois chiches..  Bref beaucoup de poudre aux yeux pour que de la déceptions pour toute la table.

Ils viennent d'ouvrir.. J'espere qu'ils s'amélioreront. Une deuxième chance est peux être a donner dans un futur.. Lointain.

cluster  4 :

My wife and I decided to try Red Lobster again after the horrible service we had about two months ago.  It was a Tuesday night so no one was waiting to be seated but there was no hostess when we walked in.  After five minutes, she walked out of the bathroom with another person (waitress) and then we were seated.  In being seated in a direct line of sight to the hostess, she had to be in the bathroom at least six or seven more times and anyone coming in to eat had the same issue we did.  We finally received our water after 10 minutes of waiting and then another 10 before our order was taken.  If it was busy, sure but it was not at all.
Biscuits - undercooked.
Breaded shrimp - undercooked.
Waited 10 minutes after my meal finally arrived to get a baked potato.
Chicken - no flavor and tasted like it just came out of the microwave.

Two times in a row.  We will never eat there again.  The manager was too busy watching baseball to even notice what was going on, or just did not care.

One star for a nice waitress.

cluster  5 :

Over rated beyond belief!!
The restaurant setting is unique in its cozy ambiance, but you pay $250 for two to eat good food not the ambiance. Our 30th anniversary, as a visitor to Phoenix, was not something to be stamped out in our culinary diary as "outstanding". The staff has been trained to "sell" the "Goods", but the Goods' are not there to be sold. Upon our arrival, we were given the privilege of being seated in the patio area, provided we vacated the table in "one hour forty minutes"!! Our server was very accommodating, well informed and courteous, but the kitchen did not take any notice of his recommendations and most of our food had to be returned for revision. The menu is structured around the fancy names, extravagant ingredients and presentation, but the quality and the "yummy factor" is just not there to match the intentions. My wife's orders had to be modified due to her numerous allegories, so in the spirit of fairness, I will only comment on my choices which were presented exactly as described on the menu. The lobster appetizer starter, with a fancy name ($18) turned out to be a few pieces of tasteless lobster meat in some kind of equally tasteless sauce buried in an unimpressive French Bread and accompanied with soggy and limp French Fries. The main course, the stake ($38+) was a lump of un-seasoned meat on a pile of fiery hot chilies and corn (out of a can), with a failed attempt to camouflage the tasteless meat. The reprieve came at the end of the meal. The desert and espresso was well presented and very tasty.
If you are seeking bragging rights for a night out, this is your place. On the other hand if you are after good food, look for an establishment serving a true gourmet product.
Fred Fardoost

cluster  6 :

I've appreciated Izakaya's around the world from the ultra-traditional in small-town Japan, where they are much better at sitting on the floor than me, to the ultra-hip Toronto version of Guu Izakaya.  Approaching Hanmoto, there was no moat of flaming dog turds, just a building that looked like a shack with ultra-loud music and papered-over windows.  In contrast to both the traditional and hip versions, there were no shouts of "Irasshaimase!" to greet us upon arrival, merely a flannel-clad waitress looking bored.

The meal did start well-enough.  There are indeed several interesting cocktails on the menu (all $12-$13), which incorporate Asian flavours like kaffir lime and ginger in variants of classic cocktails.  Our first dish to arrive, the Hamachi Tartare ($14), was by far the best, and at the level of the small plates served by far fancier places like Bent.  A beautiful tartare accompanied with some ponzu, avocado, and elements of crunchiness.

We then proceeded to the Nasu Dengaku ($7), the Japanese eggplant, which was lovely in flavor  and texture and covered with crunchy fried beet slivers that provided an interesting contrast.  The menu advertised a miso hollandaise sauce, but the sauce that accompanied it was as similar to that as Sesame Street is to The Walking Dead.  Instead, it was so sweet, that I highly recommend it be adopted immediately as the standard medical treatment for hypoglycemia.

"Can I get you more drinks?"  No, we've only had our cocktails about 10 minutes.

We then proceeded to the interesting Katsu Bun ($7/piece) which consisted of a marinated pork belly served in an aggressively salted soy remoulade.  Too big for a tapas portion for one person, but impossible to share, as the restaurant refuses to provide a knife or cut it in half.  Clearly, it would ruin the "integrity" of the dish.

"Can I get you more drinks?"  OK, let's have a round of Asahi's ($8 on tap).  Some passable enoki mushrooms ($7) arrived.

"Can I get you more drinks?" No, we've only had the beers 5 minutes, but maybe you can check on the Uni Bomb we ordered long, long ago that has been forgotten.   I regretted that request immensely.

Our "Uni Bomb" ($15) arrived, which was a do-it-yourself sort of dish of a small portion of uni on top of sushi rice with nori to wrap it in and a few sprinkles of salmon roe.  3 out of 4 of us proceeded to make our little uni wraps and started to eat it.  Unfortunately the uni tasted like rancid iodine...if iodine could somehow spoil.  In the entire collective memory of everyone who knows my boyfriend, he has never sent a dish of food back. Here, and we were in unanimous agreement, we had just been served disgusting, rotten uni, and he politely called the waitress over...

"Can I get you another drink?"
"No, actually, I'm afraid we can't get eat your uni.  I'm afraid it's gone bad, and we want to send it back.  You really should alert your chef so that you don't serve this to anyone else."  She turned and walked in silence away.  She whispers with the chef in the corner.  We ponder if someone will come to apologize, or offer a substitute, or acknowledge the problem.  No one comes back to say anything, so we finally succeed in distracting the waitress from the cell phone.  By now the readers at home know what she will say:
"Can I get you another drink?"
"No, just the bill, please"

Lo and behold, the "Uni Bomb" we returned, which contained the worst bit of seafood ever to cross my lips, is still on the bill for $15.  After being ignored for a solid 15 minutes of candy crushing, the waitress comes over and we ask her to remove the uni from the bill.

The Michelin-trained waitress explains that they discussed removing it from the bill, but more than 50% of the uni was gone, so they didn't want to take it off.  Aha, well, 3 of us had miniature spoonfuls of it, which we all hated.  She reluctantly agrees to take it off the bill.

Before, we can get the new bill, we're greeted by the manager.  100% sure of the quality of his food, he proceeds to lecture us that maybe we don't know what uni tastes like.  My boyfriend's mention of living in Japan and eating it often did nothing to shake his confidence.  He proceeded to mention that this was uni from BC, not the Chilean uni they had been serving before, and we might be unaccustomed to its taste.  Ah, so you're saying that sea urchin from BC should taste like the fish that's been thrown out of the dodgy fish markets in Kensington and left to rot for a few days in the sunshine...sure!  Not once was there an apology.

We finally get our revised bill.  We ask the waitress to split it two ways.  "Sure, but I just don't want to do the math.  You do it," comes the response.

We departed with no shouts of "Arigatou gozaimashita" or even nods from flannel-clad waitresses.  Unfortunately, the taste of the rotten uni persisted.  The 3 of us who had the "Uni Bomb" also got to discover its gastrointestinal "bomb" counterpart the next day.

cluster  7 :

Overpriced and verrrrrrrrrry slow.  The pizza is good, the beer selection is fantastic, and the people are nice. Two big problems though:  1.  The pizza is much more expensive than comparable pizza elsewhere.  Beer prices are steep too.  2. Both times I've been here the pizza took far too long. I won't be coming back. If you value your time and money you'll stay away too.

cluster  8 :

I feel like Twitter is pretty useless so far; I have an ok amount of followers I guess, but I feel like they're all following so many people that anything I say gets lost in the mess of their feed. I could tweet all day and get very little response to anything aside from a couple loyal folks on there. And it was one such reader that led me to Delmonico recently for what he claimed to be an excellent burger. He's a food writer in town so he should know what he's talking about, right?

Delmonico is located in the small restaurant row of the Venetian right by another great burger spot, although most people would not come here for their burger. The interior is nothing too fancy in either the bar area or more traditional area in the back. I did notice while sitting at the bar that they have an amazing bourbon selection, but since I was there during a lunch break I'll have to go back some time when I'm not on the clock. The lunch and dinner menus are a bit different, with the lunch menu featuring more sandwiches and things, so maybe the comment I just made about people not coming for a burger is wrong. Either way, this restaurant is pretty fancy and features quite a number of great sounding items aside from what I came there for.

The Delmonico Prime Hamburger comes on a toasted brioche roll with fries, cheddar cheese and bacon. The meat had excellent flavor from the first bite, but I noticed right away that it was way overcooked and dry. It started off extremely juicy but that faded way too fast and by the end it was very dry. The cheese was melted and had great flavor, but the bun was a tiny bit dry as well and a little too thick. The heirloom tomatoes were fantastic, but maybe a bit off-putting at first due to their green color. The bacon also had good flavor, but was a tiny bit undercooked and soggy in parts. Overall it was still decent, but could have been well beyond that if the meat had been cooked properly.

Luckily the fries were great. Some of them were almost a bit too hard and crunchy, but they were very tasty and a welcome change to the 'typical' fries I often get around town. Something I found to be quite funny was when I asked for ketchup I was brought an insanely large bowl of it, more than probably a table full of people could have used.

The online menu lists the burger at $15, so I was a little surprised to see the $18 listed on the menu when I made my order. I think if it was cooked properly I would still be ok with this price given the chef, the location, etc, but because of this price I seriously frown on the fact that they couldn't cook my burger properly. If you're willing to risk this inconsistency and are ok with the cost, I think it's a good burger to check out, and has the potential to be really great, but if you're at the Venetian and are craving a guaranteed good burger for a similar cost I suggest you go next door.

cluster  9 :

We were excited to try this, but our experience was less than the "surreal dining experience" promoted on the menu. Our party of two waited 25 minutes to be seated at the bar alongside people who arrived after but we're seated before us. We were greeted by three of the 8 or so people working behind the bar, none of whom offered us any beverages until I had asked three times for water and coffee. (Our server actually argued with me about my request stating that being seated is not a guarantee of fast service.) The beef brisket biscuits and gravy we ordered was actually sausage gravy, and the truffle French toast with asparagus and fried egg was good but not great. The highlight was the coffee, but not even that was worth the wait and poor service.

cluster  10 :

Where to start...

I used to like this place a lot and I came here often. Not sure if they changed management, but the place no longer has coupons anywhere so it's extremely overpriced. Don't be fooled by the $2 gyoza dumplings; they're the size of a quarter and there's only 3. Also, if the girl asks you if you want garlic, say no because she doesn't tell you that it's 50 cents extra and you'll never taste the difference.

The flavor of the broth is good, decent portion sizes. It's better to order without meat, because I've tried all their meats and they're all pretty terrible, dry, and tough. Their chicken is actually kind of gross. Even though ramen is supposed to have a lot of toppings, only order toppings if you want to spend over 10 dollars for a bowl of noodles because each one is about $1, and they're not very good and in small portions.

Their tempura is pretty good and the best deal on the menu is the udon with tempura. Their boba is pretty good for Arizona.

However, I have some issues with their customer service, the last two times I've been they've over charged me by adding things like eggs that I didn't want and then would not take it off my charge. Their staff is pretty rude in general, so I probably won't go back because I seriously value an overall experience.

A little disappointing because it is in a great location and there aren't many ramen places around.

cluster  11 :

I was actually a bit disappointed by my latest experience at C's. I've had better. Typically I would give it a 3-star but some of the service wasn't the greatest and my food was cold...

C's is the kind of family-friendly experience that makes it a 3 to 4 star restaurant on a good day, but on this particular day, our primary server was impatient and lacked a customer-first attitude and the quality of food was lacking. However, the service for a never less then half empty coffee mug, was superb.

I do love the bakery items so couldn't resist the pecan roll, but my egg sandwich with hash browns could have been better. The hash browns were cold and the croissant was dry. The bacon however, crispy, just like I requested.

But, I was with my family, we were tucked in a cozy corner booth, had great conversation and due to the history of this restaurant and the many times I've been there before, it would be a place I would recommend. I guess the day I was there was just an "off day". That happens.

cluster  12 :

Bad value. Did cost twice as much as other pho places in town and isn't half as good. In a vacuum, it's ok. But I just cannot recommend this place considering the competition such as Saigon pho or even pho Chandler

cluster  13 :

Arrived just before 8pm on a Friday night. Came with my 8 year old son for a late dinner. Had to wait nearly 20 minutes for a table meanwhile they had a few tables open that I could see. The waitress promptly arrived, took our drink order and returned minutes later. We then placed our food order and went to the restroom to wash up. The ladies room smells like an outhouse. No joke. So gross. So, back to waiting for our food. It took quite a while. Long enough to deter me from coming back. When you're hungry, it's hard to be patient and I realize it isn't a fast food establishment. But when you're hungry, you're hungry. I ordered a medium well steak and fries and little man ordered chicken fingers and fries. Took a total of 25 minutes to arrive. My steak was a bit warmer than room temperature. Not impressed, again. Fries were hot so it was just poor timing by be kitchen staff. Food was flavourful. Steak was fairly tender but still too pink in the center for my liking. Will probably return one day but wouldn't be my first choice.

cluster  14 :

Fazit ( ausnahmsweise zuerst, weil schwerwiegend ) : Nie wieder!!!


 Wir wollten uns mit unserer kleinen Familie mal ein schönes griechisches Essen gönnen und waren voller Vorfreude denn wir gingen davon aus, daß es sich um ein hervorragendes Restaurant handelt, es wurde schließlich angebaut und aufgestockt, was uns vermuten ließ, daß dies aufgrund der hohen Nachfrage erforderlich war. Dies war jedoch aus unserer Sicht weit gefehlt!
Das Warten auf das Essen haben wir schon deutlich kürzer erlebt und scheinbar sind auch gute Bekannte des Wirts, trotz späterer Bestellung früher dran als "schnöde Neukunden" wie wir. Naja manche haben halt Neukunden nicht nötig! Aber selbst ohne diese Verzögerung wäre das Warten trotzdem länger als üblich gewesen.
Das Essen: Die in der Vorspeise angekündigten Pepperoni in Knoblauchöl entpuppten sich als süße grüne Paprika in einer Konsistenz von frisch gekochten Salatblättern. Es wurden auch keine der Sonderwünsche beachtet - nicht einmal so "gewöhnliche" wie Pommes statt Reis. Außergewöhnlich: Es gibt Universalfleisch ( hat auch nicht jeder ) welches sich sowohl für Suflaki als auch Kinderschnitzel eignet- leider jedoch in beiden Fällen auch trocken und steinhart war. Das Bifteki war zwar nicht hart aber ebenso trocken ( Vielleicht sollte man den 95%igen Brötchenanteil mal überdenken ) Das Gyros war dafür nicht so trocken jeoch nur weil der Fettanteil ungewöhnlich hoch war. Die Teller wurden nicht leer. Es gab zwar eine ausreichende Menge, jedoch lag der Grund eher am Gefallen des Essens selbst.
Unser Sohn musste, trotz dreier Nachfragen, sage und schreibe eine halbe Stunde auf sein 2. Getränk warten.
Auf die Rechnung mussten wir zum Glück "nur" 20 Minuten warten.
Erlebniswert: Nicht empfehlenswert.
Wiederholungsgefahr: 0, nichts bis absolut unwahrscheinlich.
NIE WIEDER!

cluster  15 :

Mom's out of town for Thanksgiving so what do two grown men do???  They go out to eat!  This choice brought us to Ben & Jacks in Old Town.  I've eaten at Peter Luger's in New York but never one of Ben & Jacks spin-offs so I was excited to try it.

The dinner started off at the bar for a cocktail.  Guinness on draft is always a good idea but in a 10oz glass doesn't quite seem right.  The Stoli and Tonic I ordered was great but again the glassware made for a short pour. When the check came, almost 22 dollars for the beer and cocktail.  I don't care how high-end you are, that's absurd pricing.

Continuing on with our drink pricing fiasco we were moved from the bar to our table where we ordered a bottle of Panna for our flat water...Always a good choice when a restaurant serves it, but as we came to find when the check came, 10 dollars was the going price for that liter of water. Did I mention the word absurd?!?  I don't know if they are trying to recoup all of their start up fees in 2 weeks but at this pace they just might!   Moving on to the wine choice, it  seemed to be a little bit more reasonable as we saw a bottle of the Raymond Cabernet priced at 18 dollars a glass which would have ideally put the bottle at about 70 dollars, I say ideally because the wine list at the bar didn't have a price by the bottle for that wine ...I thought nothing of it but was definitely ready to try it and get some food in our tummies.... Things looked like they were looking up!


We then moved to the table promptly after drinks and were met by our server.  No specials given outside of the Thanksgiving Day Pre-Fix menu so we just ordered off the menu.  Dad started with the Oysters on the Half Shell ($13.95.  Great flavor and plenty of horseradish and cocktail sauce to season! I wasn't so luck with my Baked Clams($13.95).  These little neck clams were 6 to the plate and just that....LITTLE!  While the flavor was decent, the portion could definitely use an adjustment. I also found it a tad overwhelming that the server moved my clams from one plate to the other and then seasoned with the extra white wine reduction.  Maybe it's just me, but I don't like being served like that. Sprinkle some pepper, grate some cheese but no touching the food...

Well now to dinner, and good thing I was still hungry after the appetizers because the Prime Ribeye($45.95) I ordered  was massive.  The bone-in rib eye was done perfectly medium with a Gorgonzola reduction I requested on the side.  Dad got the same with some sort of Au Jus... His ordered Medium Rare and again perfectly done.  As a side we shared the German Potatoes(13.95) Kind of pricey for a side but good overall flavor.

After the meal absolutely no room to try a dessert so we asked for the check.  When it came I opened it and almost gave back all my food.  Not for pricing of the steaks but the pricing on the water and the wine.  The Raymond Cabernet came out at $90.  I don't know who is doing the math in the accounting office but  you're definitely in line for a raise!

Long and the short of it...steaks were phenomenal, Antonio the server was great but everything else was mediocre at best.  Too many staff members running around and seemed like a lot of disorganization.

cluster  16 :

When it comes to Las Vegas, one of the attractions is a gluttonous dinner at a casino buffet. Las Vegas is famously known for its buffets. When I was in Vegas years ago, I remember the glorious Caesar's Palace buffet that my family and I ate at, so I was kind of excited to find out that we got a free buffet at the MGM Grand. Sadly, the only saving grace to this buffet was that it came with our hotel room. To any visitors looking for a buffet experience, I HIGHLY recommend that you avoid this place at all cost. I would recommend eating dropped table scraps from the MGM food court before eating at this place... yes it is that bad!

The service was pretty standard when it comes to service at any buffet. Waiter comes in and takes your drink order then you go to town on the food selection. I ended up eating some crab legs, and roast beef at my MGM buffet experience. The crab legs were very tasteless... almost like these legs were thawed from a frozen pack of pre-cooked crab legs that one can buy at their local super market. The texture of the legs was very dry and stringy. One would expect food of this quality at dormitory cafeteria buffet at any University on Tuesday nights, let alone, at Las Vegas. Not tasty at all. The roast beef was so-so. The slices were pretty small, and that beef itself was way overcooked, which lead to the meat being tough. It was a step above dormitory cafeteria food, but also a several steps below an average Golden Corral.

The desserts were better. Its like the typical desserts that you will find at any buffet, such as the self serve ice cream, premade cakes, cookies and such. But then you would expect desserts of this quality at a generic buffet, not at a Las Vegas resort and casino. If you are staying at the MGM Grand and received a free MGM buffet voucher, then by all means, eat the free food. If the only buffet experience that you have ever had was at your undergrad dorm cafeteria, a hospital buffet or at a friend's dumpster eating 3 week old Thanksgiving left overs, then this might be your place to eat, however you will get more bang for your buck at the McDonalds food court on the other side of the building. Otherwise, stay away!!!!!!!

cluster  17 :

There are many great choices for Italian in Las Vegas.  I probably won't be coming back here.

The antipasto tray was nice.  I thought the wine  list was a little pricey.  I am not enough of a wine aficionado to wash my $20 plate of pasta down with $75+ worth of wine.

Salads were very good.  I had the arugula salad and my husband had the tricolore salad. Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.

My husband's lasagna was decent -- I snuck a bite. and lasagna is one of my all-time favorite foods.  However, my risotto primavera was shockingly mediocre.  The "primavera" consisted of peas and cubed carrots, and the sauce was quite bland.  The dish was eerily similar to the Lipton Rice 'n Sauce mix  I make when I am out of ideas of what to serve as a side dish at home.

The service was not up to par, either.  The wait time  between courses was not paced weil.  Our server put our check on the table before she asked us if we wanted dessert or coffee.  I later saw the restaurant manager scolding her.

If you want upscale, delicious food in this part of town, go to Rosemary's.

​
